All right, everybody. I'm going to show
you something incredibly freaking cool.
I've been having so much fun with this.
I'm making an AI based pool trainer. And
essentially, I've cloned Earl
Strickland, who's like one of the
greatest pool players ever, his voice at
11 Labs. And he's listening right now.
And I'm going to show you a
demonstration of agent SDK, which allows
me to tell Earl to integrate features as
I need them in real time. And you'll see
a projector on the table that shows the
actual agent SDK working in real time.
This is crazy. All right, Earl, the
balls are set. Tell me how you would run
these out.
>> Here's how I run it. First shot, the one
ball is straight into the top middle.
You stun that thing about half a table,
center ball, and you're sitting pretty
for the two. Then the two goes straight
in down to the bottom middle. Clean,
simple, dead position. That's the play.
You want to see something different? Say
the word.
>> No, let's go ahead and try a new layout.
>> Good. Fresh layout. Get the one, the
two, and the Q ball on the table,
however you want this time. Then tell me
when they're locked in.
>> They're locked in.
>> All right, this one's a little
different. The one ball is a quarter
ball cut into the top middle. You stun
that half a table with center ball and
you're lined up for the two. The two is
just a slight cut down to the bottom
middle. Easy followup if you execute the
first shot right. That's your route. You
got other ideas? I'll show you.
>> Show me another route.
>> Now, here's the other way. You take that
same quarter ball cut on the one, but
you hit it with follow. You need a firm
stroke. Let that Q ball run about six
and a half tables to your landing zone.
Then you're looking at a slight cut on
the two into the bottom middle. More
speed, more risk, but you get there
cleaner if you hit it. First route is
smarter. This one's for when you're
feeling greedy.
>> All right, R. Okay, so Earl, I have a
feature request. Do you ready to listen
to this?
>> Yeah, I'm listening. What do you want?
Okay. So, essentially I I want to be
able to ask you to go back to that first
route projection, you know, from the
projector, but you don't have the
ability to do that right now. So, I want
you to put in a free a feature request
for the agent, the coding agent to when
when I say when I tell you to go back to
the first route projection, then you
will show that first route projection
because currently you can't do that
right now.
There you go. Agents on it. Once that's
done, you can jump back to route one
whenever you want without me having to
renarrate the whole thing. Smart catch.
All right. So, what's happening right
now is Earl sent a call to the agent
SDK, which is another agent that's
running in the background who's looking
at the code and he's it's fixing it. I
also told it to output the results from
the SDK right on the pool table. So, I
can just sit here, not have to go to the
computer at all, and eventually Earl
will report back if it was successful,
and then it will tell me maybe to reload
the Python script. This is all based on
Python, and then we can retest it to see
if that feature request actually worked.
>> That's slick. So, the agent's working on
the code right now, spitting the results
straight onto the table projection, so
you can see what it's doing without
leaving the game. And then I'll tell you
when it's done, whether it worked or if
something broke. And if we need to
reload, we reload and we test it live
right here. No running off to a
terminal. No waiting around. I like that
setup. So, we just sit here and wait for
the agent to finish. Once it reports
back, we'll know if that route recall
feature is live or if we need to tweak
it. All right, features in. Agent says
projector.py might need a restart, but
we're good to go. Next time you tell me
to go back to the first route, I can
pull it up for you. Want to test it now
or are you good where we are?
>> Okay, so we just restarted and we're
going to test to see if this feature
actually works. Okay, the balls are
placed.
>> All right, here's the route. The one
ball goes in the top side. That's a
quarter ball cut. Stun shot about half a
table length. Sets you up clean for the
two ball in the bottom side, which is
just a slight cut from there. Simple run
if you execute it.
>> All right, show me the route for the
first ball again.
>> The one ball goes in the top side.
Quarter ball cut, stun shot, half a
table length. That's your first move.
>> No. Show me the projection. The uh from
the first run.
There's route one on the projector. One
ball top side, quarter ball cut, stun at
about half a table length.
All right. So, there you go. That is an
actual coding integration that was
initiated by my voice that was then
communicated by my Earl Strickland AI
agent to a coding agent via agent SDK.
This is freaking so cool. Some things to
to consider though is um when you use
the agent SDK in this manner, it uses
the Claude API style of building, which
means it's going to be more expensive
than just using your Claude Max
subscription to code things as well. So
take that into, you know, to concern. Um
I'm using Sonnet that way it's not so
slow and also not, you know, so
expensive. But yeah, this is freaking
fun. I'm going to be um really showing
you, you know, Earl has a lot of
abilities in the studio even right now.
Like I can say, "Hey Earl, go ahead and
turn the lights red."
>> Lights are red. Your studio just turned
into a crime scene.
>> Okay. Unfortunately, the the freaking uh
side lights are still white, but maybe
that's another coding fix that we need
to integrate. Anyhow, thank you very
much, Earl. Everybody else, I'll see you
very soon. Make sure to subscribe for
more of this crazy content, and I have
cloud code courses coming out very soon.
I'll see you. Goodbye.
>> Hey, appreciate it. Yeah, we can lock
down those sidelights another time.
There's always something to tune. This
whole thing's been a blast. You built
something real here and it works. That's
not nothing. Go build some more crazy
stuff. And hey, when you need Earl to
roast somebody's bad shot while the
lights are doing whatever you tell them
to do, you know where to find me.